疫情重创了时装产业，但与时俱进的商人永远不会被打败。近日多个服装品牌纷纷推出具有抗病毒或抗菌功能的服饰，这种服饰真的能防止新冠病毒传播吗？
 
 
The coronavirus pandemic has affected every aspect of life -- including fashion. To cater to new economic realities and the COVID-19 concerns of their clientele, several apparel companies have developed antivirus protection in their clothing.
新冠肺炎疫情影响了生活的方方面面——包括时装。为了迎合新的经济现实和客户对于新冠肺炎的关切，数家服装企业都研发了具有抗病毒功能的服饰。
"COVID-19 has reset the world," Faisal Ahmed, CEO of Artistic Denim Mills , said in a statement. "This means we have to change how we live our lives. How our clothes protect us will be a key decision in what we buy and wear."
巴基斯坦领先的牛仔布服装生产商Artistic Denim Mills的首席执行官费萨尔·艾哈迈德在一份声明中说：“新冠肺炎重置了世界。这意味着我们必须改变我们的生活方式。衣服的保护作用将会成为决定我们如何选购和穿着的一个关键因素。”
The Pakistan-based leading denim and apparel manufacturer was an early adopter of adding antiviral technology to its products. In June, the company partnered with Swiss textile firm HeiQ to release antiviral denim and face mask collections.
Artistic Denim Mills公司是最早将抗病毒技术应用到服装产品中的企业之一。今年六月，该公司和瑞士纺织企业HeiQ合作推出了抗病毒牛仔服和口罩系列。
HeiQ claims that its Viroblock NPJ03 technology, which "makes treated textiles resistant against the degradation by microorganisms and inhibits the growth of bacterial odors," has been tested effective 99.99% in 30 minutes against SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID-19. In Germany, the antiviral claims are now permitted, according to the company.
HeiQ公司声称自己的防病毒NPJ03技术“处理过的面料可以阻止微生物的降解作用，抑制细菌臭味”，在抗击新冠病毒的30分钟试验里有效性高达99.99%。该公司称，德国已经认可了该技术的抗病毒功能。
In July, denim brand Diesel announced it would implement virus-fighting technology into its upcoming styles through a partnership with Swedish firm Polygiene, maker of ViralOff which claims to have the capacity to disable over 99% of viral activity within two hours of contact between pathogens and fabric. It interacts with key proteins to hinder the virus from attaching to textile fibers. The technology is intended to protect treated products, not intended to prevent the wearer against disease, according to Viraloff.
七月份，牛仔时装品牌迪塞尔宣布，将和瑞典Polygiene公司合作，在新一季时装中应用抗病毒技术。Polygiene公司的ViralOff技术据称可以在病原体接触面料的两个小时内降低超99%的病毒活性。这种面料可以和病毒的关键蛋白质发生反应，阻止病毒附着在纺织纤维上。据称，该技术旨在保护处理过的产品，而不是为了防止穿着者感染病毒。
Viraloff will be applied across a selection of Diesel's spring/summer 2021 denim styles with an aim at a greater range of products in the future.
Viraloff技术将被应用在迪塞尔的2021春夏牛仔时装系列中，目的是在未来被应用于更大范围的产品中。
Other activewear brands, Under Armour and Live!, have followed suit by putting antiviral technology into their lines as many consumers are looking for an additional layer of protection while working out. The Under Armour mask features an "anti-microbial treatment on the inside layer to help keep masks fresh."
由于许多消费者都希望锻炼时能获得额外防护，安德玛和Live!等其他运动服装品牌也纷纷效仿，将抗病毒技术加入自己的系列产品中。安德玛口罩的“内层经过了抗微生物处理来帮助口罩保持清新”。
Transmission of COVID-19 through items such as clothes is still unknown, according to medical experts. Although the virus can live on clothes and surfaces, it isn't yet known if or how that translates to actual infection.
医学专家表示，目前尚不清楚新冠病毒能否通过衣物传播。尽管病毒能在衣服和表面存活，但是不知道衣物上的病毒是否会引发感染或如何引发。
While the efficacy of these products is still unknown, market shares for antimicrobial clothing are currently $10.48 billion and expected to rise to $20.50 billion, nearly doubling by 2026, Global Market Insights reports.
尽管这些抗病毒产品的功效未知，但是据全球市场洞察的报告称，它们的市场份额目前达到104.8亿美元（约合人民币726亿元），并有望在2026年升至205亿美元，接近翻番。
Even if antivirus clothing isn't a top solution against helping to stop the spread of COVID-19, many companies are leaning into the technology as a way to produce more items that marry fashion and function amid the pandemic.
尽管抗病毒服装不是帮助阻止新冠病毒传播的最佳解决方案，但许多公司都在投资这一技术，从而在疫情期间生产出更多将时尚和功能集于一身的产品。
 
英文来源：美国广播公司新闻网
翻译&amp;编辑：丹妮