世卫组织总干事谭德塞在8月24日的记者会上表示，世卫组织发起“新冠疫苗全球获得机制”，目标是在2021年年底前提供约20亿剂新冠疫苗。目前这一机制下有9种疫苗，世卫组织也在对其他候选疫苗进行评估。
World Health Organization (WHO) Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus attends a news conference amid the COVID-19 outbreak at the WHO headquarters in Geneva Switzerland on July 3, 2020. [Photo/Agencies]
The World Health Organization said on Monday it hopes to deliver by the end of next year at least 2 billion doses of safe, effective vaccines through its vaccine initiative.
世界卫生组织周一（8月24日）表示，希望通过新冠疫苗计划在明年年底前提供至少20亿剂安全、有效的疫苗。
As of Monday, 172 countries were engaging with the initiative, which is known as the COVAX Global Vaccines Facility.
截至周一，已有172个国家参与了这项被称为“新冠疫苗全球获得机制”（COVAX）的计划。
At present, nine potential vaccines are part of the dynamic portfolio, which is constantly being reviewed and optimized to ensure access to the best possible range of products.
目前，这一机制下有九种候选疫苗，并可能在将来进行调整。世卫组织正对其不断审查和优化，以确保获得最佳的疫苗产品。
WHO Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said discussions are ongoing with four additional producers, and a further nine vaccines are currently under evaluation for the longer term.
世卫组织总干事谭德塞表示，目前正与另外四家生产商进行讨论，并对另外九种疫苗进行长期评估。
"The facility is the critical mechanism for joint procurement and pooling risk across multiple vaccines so that whichever vaccine is proven to be safe and effective, all countries within the facility will be able to access them," he said during a virtual news briefing from Geneva.
他在日内瓦举行的一场在线新闻发布会上说：“这是联合采购多种疫苗并分担风险的关键机制，以便无论哪种疫苗被证明是安全和有效的，该机制内的所有国家都能获得这些疫苗。”
pool [puːl]：vt.合伙经营
A woman holds a small bottle labeled with a "Vaccine COVID-19" sticker and a medical syringe in this illustration taken on April 10, 2020. [Photo/Agencies]
He emphasized that the most important thing is that the mechanism enables a globally coordinated rollout.
他强调说，最重要的是，该机制使全球合作推出疫苗成为可能。
The WHO is working with vaccine manufacturers to provide all countries that join the effort with timely and equitable access to all approved vaccines.
世卫组织正与疫苗生产商合作，为所有参与这一计划的国家及时和公平地提供所有经批准的疫苗。
"This doesn't just pool risk, it also means that prices will be kept as low as possible," Tedros said.
谭德塞说：“这不仅意味着分担风险，还意味着价格将保持在尽可能低的水平。”
He warned that it would lead to a prolonged pandemic if only a small number of countries got most of the supply.
他警告说，如果只有少数国家获得了大部分的（疫苗）供应，将导致长期的疫情。
"Vaccine nationalism only helps the virus," he said.
“疫苗民族主义只会帮助病毒，”他说。
And he emphasized that the world has so far invested $12 trillion in keeping economies moving, but that investing in the COVAX Facility is the fastest way to end the COVID-19 pandemic and ensure a sustainable economic recovery.
他强调，世界各国迄今已投资12万亿美元（约合人民币82万亿元）维持经济运行，但投资于COVAX机制是结束新冠肺炎疫情、确保经济可持续复苏的最快途径。
"The success of the COVAX Facility hinges not only on countries signing up to it, but also filling key funding gaps for both the research and development work and to support lower-income economies within the facility," Tedros said.
谭德塞说：“COVAX机制的成功不仅取决于参与该机制的国家，还取决于填补研究和开发疫苗工作的关键资金缺口，以及在该机制内支持低收入经济体。”
 
有约束力的承诺
He emphasized that, in order to be able to secure enough doses to roll out vaccines, the next step for the partnership will be for countries to make binding commitments in support of the COVAX Facility. He added that the COVAX Facility offers a huge return on investment.
他强调，为了能够获得足够的剂量来推出疫苗，这种合作关系的下一步将是各国作出有约束力的承诺，支持COVAX机制。他补充说，COVAX机制投资回报巨大。
According to the WHO, there are more than 170 candidate vaccines, with seven in the final phase 3 of large-scale efficacy trials. None has been approved for general use so far.
据世卫组织介绍，目前有170多种候选疫苗，其中7种处于大规模疗效试验的最终阶段。到目前为止，还没有一种被批准广泛接种。
Vaccines normally require years of testing and additional time to produce at scale, but scientists are hoping to develop a COVID-19 vaccine within 12 to 18 months.
疫苗通常需要数年的测试和额外的时间来大规模生产，但科学家希望在12至18个月内研制出新冠疫苗。
Russia said on Saturday it has produced its first batch of a COVID-19 vaccine, after President Vladimir Putin announced the nation was the first to approve a vaccine, the Moscow Times reported on Monday.
据《莫斯科时报》周一报道，在俄罗斯总统普京宣布该国第一个批准新冠肺炎疫苗后，俄罗斯于上周六宣布已生产出第一批新冠肺炎疫苗。
Mexico will receive at least 2,000 doses of Russia's vaccine as part of its phase 3 clinical trials.
作为三期临床试验的一部分，墨西哥将接受至少2000剂俄罗斯疫苗。
The European Union announced on Monday that it had concluded exploratory talks with US firm Moderna to purchase a potential vaccine after a similar talk last week with Germany-based CureVac.
欧盟周一宣布，已经结束了与美国Moderna公司的试探性谈判，以购买一种候选疫苗。上周，欧盟与德国CureVac公司进行了类似的谈判。
It follows the EU securing COVID-19 potential vaccines from Sanofi-GSK on July 31 and from Johnson&amp; Johnson on Aug 13 as well as an advanced purchase agreement with AstraZeneca on Aug 14.
此前，欧盟与赛诺菲-葛兰素史克（7月31日）和强生公司（8月13日）达成了新冠肺炎候选疫苗供应协议，并于8月14日与阿斯利康签署了一份高级采购协议。
 
英文来源：中国日报
翻译&amp;编辑：yaning