德国政府计划在2021年出台一项新规，要求养狗的人们每天必须遛狗两次，每次一小时。消息一出，在德国民间引发了大讨论。
Alvan Nee@alvannee/unsplash
A new rule forcing Germans to take their dog for a walk twice a day has unleashed a debate on whether the state can decide what is best for the country’s 9.4 million pet canines.
德国计划出台新规，要求养狗的人们每天必须遛狗两次。这项新规引发争论，即政府是否有权决定应该怎样照顾该国约940万只宠物狗。
Agriculture Minister Julia Kloeckner announced this week she had taken expert advice and was introducing a law to ensure dogs go for a walk or run in the garden at least one hour twice a day.
德国农业部长茱莉亚·克洛克纳本周宣布，她已经听取了专家的建议，并将推行一项新的立法，以确保德国宠物狗每天至少在花园里跑动撒欢两次，每次一小时。
“Pets are not cuddly toys - their needs have to be considered,” said Kloeckner, adding pets must get sufficient exercise and not be left alone for too long.
她说：“宠物不是可爱的玩具，主人们要考虑它们的需要。”她补充道，动物们必须得到足够的锻炼，不能单独待太久。
cuddly [ˈkʌdli]：adj.令人想拥抱的；逗人喜爱的
 
With almost one in five German homes owning a hound, the new “Animal Welfare Dog Regulation”, which also sets limits on the transportation of farm animals in hot weather, affects a significant proportion of the population.
德国近五分之一的家庭都养猎犬。新的“狗狗动物福利条例”也对在炎热天气里运输农场动物做出了限制，影响了很大一部分人口。
“Compulsory Walkies for Dog Owners? Rubbish!” wrote the top-selling Bild newspaper in an opinion piece on the new decree.
德国最畅销的《图片报》在一篇评论文章中怒批新规：“强迫狗主人带狗散步？荒唐至极！”
A spokesman for the VDH German Dog Association said most owners were laughing at the new rule because they already spent enough time walking their four-legged friend.
德国狗类协会VDH的一位发言人说，大多数狗主人都在嘲笑这项新规定，因为他们本来就已经花费了够多时间陪伴自家的狗狗朋友。
“One rule for all dogs is probably well meant but unrealistic,” said VDH spokesman Udo Kopernik.
协会发言人乌多·科佩尔尼克说：“给所有的狗制定一条规定可能是出于好意，但不现实。”
Dog trainer Anja Striegel said the amount of exercise a dog needs depended on the health, age and breed of dog.
驯狗师安雅·斯特里格尔说，狗狗需要的运动量取决于其健康状况、年龄和品种。
“For a young, fit Labrador, two hours of walkies are healthier than for an arthritic pug with heart problems,” she told the Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper.
她在接受《南德意志报》采访时表示：“与一只患有关节炎和心脏病的哈巴狗相比，每天活动两个小时更适合一只健康年轻的拉布拉多犬。”
pug[pʌɡ]：n.哈巴狗
 
Germany’s most popular breeds are the German Shepherd and short-legged, long-bodied Dachshund, known as “sausage dogs” followed by Labradors, retrievers and Jack Russell Terriers and pugs.
德国最受欢迎的犬种是德国牧羊犬和短腿长体腊肠犬，其次是拉布拉多、寻回犬、杰克罗素梗犬和哈巴狗。
Then there is the question of enforcement. The ministry has said the 16 federal states will be responsible for enforcing the rule but it is unclear how.
这一新规将如何执行也成为问题。德国农业部表示，16个联邦州将负责执行这一规定，但具体执行方式尚不清楚。
 
英文来源：路透社
翻译&amp;编辑：yaning