从明年起，柏林国际电影节将不再按男女性别颁发表演奖项，而是合并为最佳主角银熊奖，并增加最佳配角银熊奖。主办方表示，2021年电影节将如期线下举办。
 
 
The organizers of the Berlin International Film Festival say they will stop awarding separate acting prizes to women and men beginning next year.
柏林国际电影节主办方称，他们将从明年起停止分别向男女演员颁发表演奖项。
Berlinale organizers said Monday the performance awards will be defined in a gender-neutral way at next year's festival, for which a physical event is planned.
柏林电影节主办方8月24日称，明年的电影节将在线下举办，并颁发不区分性别的表演奖。
The festival awards a Golden Bear for the best film and a series of Silver Bears, which until this year included best actor and best actress honors. Organizers said those prizes will be replaced with a Silver Bear for Best Leading Performance and a Silver Bear for Best Supporting Performance.
柏林电影节颁发最佳影片金熊奖和一系列银熊奖，到今年为止银熊奖还包括最佳男演员和最佳女演员奖。主办方表示，这些奖项将被最佳主角银熊奖和最佳配角银熊奖取代。
In a statement, the co-heads of the festival, Mariette Rissenbeek and Carlo Chatrian, said “not separating the awards in the acting field according to gender comprises a signal for a more gender-sensitive awareness in the film industry.”
柏林电影节的共同负责人玛丽特·里森贝克和卡洛·查登在一份声明中说：“不按性别区分表演奖蕴含着一个信号，意味着电影界的性别敏感意识增强了。”
At the same time, the Alfred Bauer Prize, which is named after the festival's founding director, will be permanently retired. The prize was suspended this year due to revelations about Bauer's role in the Nazis’ moviemaking bureaucracy.
与此同时，以创办柏林电影节的导演名字命名的阿尔弗雷德·鲍尔奖将永久取消。因为鲍尔被曝出是纳粹电影部门的成员，今年该奖项暂停颁发。
Commenting on the decision to hold a physical event next year, despite uncertainties due to the coronavirus pandemic, the two directors stressed the need for a “lively relationship with the audience.”
尽管疫情带来了不确定性，电影节依然决定明年举行线下活动。两位导演在评论这一决定时强调需要“和观众保持活跃关系”。
"In times of the corona pandemic, it has become even clearer that we still require analogue experience spaces in the cultural realm,” they said, noting that other festivals have also resumed holding physical rather than virtual events.
他们表示：“在新冠疫情期间，很显然我们仍然需要文化领域的模拟体验。”他们指出，其他电影节也恢复了线下活动，而不再采用线上形式。
The 2021 festival is scheduled for Feb. 11-21. This year's festival was one of the last major events that took place before the coronavirus pandemic largely shut down public life in Germany.
2021年柏林电影节定于2月11日至21日举行。今年的柏林电影节是在德国的社会生活因新冠疫情而大范围停摆之前举行的最后几个大型活动之一。
 
英文来源：美国广播公司新闻网
翻译&amp;编辑：丹妮