懒人的机会来了！如果你的不作为是有意义的，你将能申请德国汉堡美术大学的“闲人奖学金”，金额高达1600欧元。
 
 
A German university is offering “idleness grants” to applicants who are seriously committed to doing sweet nothing.
德国一所大学正在向致力于无所事事的申请者提供“闲人奖学金”。
The University of Fine Arts in Hamburg advertised three €1,600 scholarship places on Wednesday to applicants from across Germany. The applicants can submit their anonymous pitches until 15 September and will have to convince a jury that their chosen area of “active inactivity” is particularly impressive or relevant.
8月19日，位于汉堡的美术大学向德国各地的申请者提供三个1600欧元（约合人民币1.3万元）的奖学金名额。申请者可以在9月15日前提交匿名自荐书，他们将必须说服评委会自己选择的“积极的不作为”领域让人印象特别深刻或特别有意义。
The application form consists of only four questions: What do you not want to do? For how long do you not want to do it? Why is it important not to do this thing in particular? Why are you the right person not to do it?
申请表上只有四个问题：你打算不做什么？你打算多长时间不做这件事？不做这件事为什么很重要？为什么你是不做这件事的合适人选？
"Doing nothing isn’t very easy,” said Friedrich von Borries, an architect and design theorist who came up with the programme. “We want to focus on active inactivity. If you say you are not going to move for a week, then that’s impressive. If you propose you are not going to move or think, that might be even better.”
提出这个项目的建筑师、设计理论家弗里德里希·冯·博里斯说：“什么也不做并不是很容易的事。我们想关注的是积极的不作为。如果你说你一整个星期都不动，这会让人印象深刻。如果你计划一整个星期不动也不想，这样可能更了不起。”
The idea behind the project arose from a discussion about the seeming contradiction of a society that promotes sustainability while simultaneously valuing success, Von Borries said. “This scholarship programme is not a joke but an experiment with serious intentions – how can you turn a society that is structured around achievements and accomplishments on its head?”
冯·博里斯说，这一项目的想法源自一次关于社会倡导可持续发展同时又重视成功这一矛盾的讨论。“这个奖学金项目不是玩笑，而是有着严肃意图的一个实验。你怎样能颠覆一个围绕着成果和成就构建起来的社会？”
The university’s bursary will only hand out the grant upon delivery of an “experience report” in the middle of January 2021, though Von Borries said the grant was not contingent on impact, and those who failed to live up to their promise of indolence would not be punished.
该大学的财务办公室到2021年1月中旬收到“体验报告”时才会发放奖学金，不过冯·博里斯表示，奖学金的发放不会以效果为依据，没能兑现懒惰承诺的人也不会受到惩罚。
bursary [ˈbɜːrsəri]: n. 财务办公室
contingent [kənˈtɪndʒənt]: adj.（损失、责任等）附带的；以事实为依据的；依情况而变的
 
Applicants are free to determine the length of their inactivity. “If you say you are not going to sleep, then you can only do that for a couple of days,” Von Borries said. “But if you say you are not going to shop then that’s something you could sustain for a lot longer.”
申请者可以自由决定不作为的时长。冯·博里斯说：“如果你说自己将不睡觉，那么你只能坚持几天。但如果你说你将不购物，那么你能坚持的时间会长得多。”
All applications will form part of an exhibition named The School of Inconsequentiality: Towards A Better Life, opening at the Hamburg university in November. It will be structured around the question: “What can I refrain from so that my life has fewer negative consequences on the lives of others?”
所有申请都将成为一项名为“无足轻重的学派：向着更好的生活”的展览的一部分，该展览将于11月在汉堡的美术大学开放。展览将会围绕这个问题：“为了让自己的生命对其他生命产生更少负面影响，我能克制自己不做什么事情？”
 
英文来源：卫报
翻译&amp;编辑：丹妮