东京涩谷最近多了一道风景线——透明公厕，公厕无人使用时墙壁是完全透明的，里面的清洁程度从外面就可以一目了然。锁上门后墙壁就会变成雾面，但是如厕者从里面看不出，所以一旦忘记锁门就惨了！
 
 
One of Tokyo's most popular districts has recently added some unusual new attractions: transparent public toilets.
东京最受欢迎的地区最近增添了一道与众不同的新风景：透明公厕。
Designed by Shigeru Ban Architects, the two new sets of see-through restrooms have been installed in Shibuya, the bustling city center famous for its busy pedestrian crossing.
坂茂建筑事务所设计的这两组透明公厕安装在以人行横道拥挤闻名的繁华市中心涩谷区。
Though the restrooms sound risqué, they're actually part of an innovative project aimed at changing people's perceptions of public toilets.
尽管这种公厕听起来有伤风化，但实际上它们是一个创新项目的一部分，该项目旨在改变人们对公厕的认知。
Designed by Shigeru Ban Architects, a Pritzker Prize-winning architecture firm, the two new sets of transparent toilets have been installed in two Shibuya parks -- Yoyogi Fukamachi Mini Park and Haru-no-Ogawa Community Park.
这两组透明公厕分别安装在涩谷的两个公园——Yoyogi Fukamachi迷你公园和Haru-no-Ogawa社区公园。负责设计的坂茂建筑事务所曾获得普利兹克奖。
"There are two things we worry about when entering a public restroom, especially those located at a park," says a statement on the project's official website, Tokyotoilet.jp. "The first is cleanliness, and the second is whether anyone is inside."
该项目官网（Tokyotoilet.jp）上的一则声明称：“人们进入公厕时，尤其是公园里的公厕，会担心两件事：第一件是清洁问题，第二件是里面是否有人。”
Shigeru Ban Architects' design tackles these two concerns by offering a toilet with glass walls that -- at first -- allows the public to see through from the outside. But once a user enters the toilet and locks the door, the walls turn opaque to provide privacy.
坂茂建筑事务所的设计解决了这两点担忧，通过厕所的玻璃墙让公众可以事先从外面看到里面的情况。一旦用户进入厕所锁上门，墙壁就会变得不透明以保护隐私。
"This allows users to check the cleanliness and whether anyone is using the toilet from the outside," says the statement. "At night, the facility lights up the park like a beautiful lantern."
声明中写道：“这让用户从外面就能知道厕所是否清洁以及有没有人在使用厕所。到了晚上，厕所就会像一盏美丽的灯笼一样点亮公园。”
 
 
使用透明公厕是什么样的体验？
During CNN Travel's visit to the Haru-no-Ogawa Community Park this week, a steady stream of visitors came to take photos of the new attraction.
在美国有线电视新闻网旅游频道的记者本周访问Haru-no-Ogawa社区公园时，不断有游客过来给这个新景点拍照。
The toilet facilities were impressively clean, a mix of gleaming white and chrome.
透明厕所内超级干净，白色的地砖和铬合金水龙头闪闪发光。
Part of the thrill is that once inside, you can't tell if the glass is frosted or not. The walls between the compartments have mirrors installed, adding to the weird feeling of being on display.
让人感到刺激的一个部分是，进入厕所后，你看不出玻璃外面是否变成雾面。隔间内的墙壁安装了镜子，更加增添了被围观的诡异感觉。
This means it's incredibly important remember to secure the door lock, which is located well below the handle.
这意味着记得锁门极其重要，门锁在把手下方，距离把手还挺远。
During our visit, one person presumably did indeed forget to lock it, stirring laughter among those outside.
在访问过程中，有一个人应该是忘记锁门了，引发了外面的哄笑声。
Both park facilities include a women's toilet, a men's toilet and a multi-use toilet.
两组公园厕所都包含一个女厕、一个男厕和一个多功能厕所。
 
 
 
东京推出公厕计划
These two transparent toilet sets are a part of the newly launched Tokyo Toilet Project, a series of re-invented public toilet facilities.
这两组透明厕所是刚推出的东京厕所项目的一部分，该项目重新设计了一系列公厕。
Founded by the Nippon Foundation, a private, non-profit charity that focuses on social innovation, the Tokyo Toilet Project has partnered with some of the biggest names in the architecture and creative industries including Tadao Ando and Toyo Ito to create 17 new public toilet facilities around Shibuya.
东京厕所项目由关注社会革新的私人非营利慈善基金会日本财团创立，与建筑界和创意行业名气最大的一些企业（包括安藤忠雄建筑研究所和伊东丰雄建筑设计事务所）合作，计划在涩谷周围建造17个新公厕。
"The use of public toilets in Japan is limited because of stereotypes that they are dark, dirty, smelly and scary. To dispel these misconceptions regarding public toilets, The Nippon Foundation has decided to renovate 17 public toilets located in Shibuya, Tokyo, in cooperation with the Shibuya City government," the Nippon Foundation says in a news release.
日本财团在一份新闻稿中表示：“日本人很少使用公厕，因为大家对公厕存在成见，认为公厕又黑又脏又臭还吓人。为了打消人们对公厕的误解，日本财团决定与涩谷区政府合作，在东京涩谷改建17个公厕。”
"These public toilets are being designed by 16 leading creators, and will use advanced design to make them accessible for everyone regardless of gender, age, or disability, to demonstrate the possibilities of an inclusive society."
“这些公厕由16位一流设计师打造，将采用先进的设计来让每个人都能使用公厕，不论性别、年龄或是否残疾，以展示包容社会的可能性。”
Five facilities have been opened to the public so far, including the two see-through toilets.
到目前为止已经有五个厕所向公众开放，包括那两个透明厕所。
Twelve more new public toilets are coming between August 31 and the summer of 2021.
还有12个新公厕将于8月31日至2021年夏季之间亮相。
All the facilities will be constructed by Daiwa House Group, the largest home-builder in Japan, with toilet equipment and layout advice provided by famed Japanese toilet manufacturer TOTO Ltd.
所有公厕都将由日本最大的住宅建筑商大和房屋集团建造，马桶设备和布局建议由日本著名马桶制造商东陶公司提供。
 
英文来源：美国有线电视新闻网
翻译&amp;编辑：丹妮